everybody welcome Exeter the lamp
lighting my together booth plus
yesterday's daily and you know it wasn't
a horrible we were four hundred and
seventy four five point seven four
percent I was the worst one in like the
last ten days but it's not a complete
you know botched failure of a run if
anything I'm I'm gonna take it as a
warning shot you know I played not my
style and I was punished for it but
today's daily is a Maggie run it goes
all the way to the end the scores on the
front page range from 39,000 to 58,000
that indicates to me that today's daily
is probably pretty freakin terrible
thirty-nine thousand for the thirtieth
best score on a run oh oh
we have blank card and High Priestess as
well I don't know international you know
foot-fetish day or something like that
but thirty-nine thousand for a run that
goes all the way to the end is like a
terrible sign that's normally you'd be
looking at like 60s at the top and then
I don't know maybe like sixty to forty
nine or something like that I mean we're
getting a little too into the banal
minutiae of what's going on there but I
I'm almost just because of the fact that
I have also now gotten quake and I drop
the mom's toenail because I don't know
if I really want that you cannot drop
mom's toenail maybe the amps the problem
right there because I was looking at
this run and I was like am I losing my
mind because it feels like this daily
just by virtue of getting canna
ninetails right off the bat and starting
you know High Priestess blank card is a
decent combo at least especially early
game where it matters that you killed
bosses without getting hit because
you're unlikely to have that many spirit
hearts like it seemed like there must
have been some mistake like I was
looking at the wrong leaderboards or
something but um perhaps not maybe we
should have stuck blank card justice on
a daily but you know I'm going to take
this I like its ability to kill bosses
early I feel good about that this is
probably our secret room just watch out
you got to like constantly keep on the
move to not get hit this secret room
seems like it shows up all the time now
we got to constantly be on the move to
try not to get hit by
the foot that's going to come down I
guess who could have blown up the tinted
rock as well or instead I should say but
anyway we're moving on I mean the daily
it has all the tools right now it is the
tools of a run that almost became a dog
there while I was talking as the tools
of a rougarou it has the tools of a run
that could pop off but you know
obviously there's better players than
myself or at least you know I'm trying
not to here's the thing whenever you
insult yourself even implicitly people
it comes across as fishing for
compliments right but it's not fishing
for compliments these there are people
on the leaderboards that have you know a
hundred times out of the last 110
beating me in terms of their score on
these daily the better players than
myself that's not an admission of low
self confidence just knowing where you
stand you know you know I'm not Pete
Sampras circa 2003 when it comes to
Isaac I'm like you know Michael Chang or
something like that I you know American
tennis ranking you know top top 70 maybe
somewhere in there I'm a seventy fifth
on the leaderboards right now so I can I
can live with that
let's just go back and explore a little
bit here we're not going to get an
arcade which means we're probably not
going to be able to go to the boss trap
room although it looks like this could
fairly easily be a secret room I can't I
can't even stress enough to you 2
minutes 38 seconds of this video when
all morning all afternoon those skype
messages 2 minutes 30 seconds into the
Isaac video it's time it's time for some
impromptu Skype conversations like our
days are exactly offset enough that that
can happen I really thought I could make
it out of there I guess to be honest
with you taking half a spirit art is
pretty decent
instead of taking a full spirit art
which I would have is the champion ran
into me let's grab this Skype by the way
is actually just Dan quoting Kanye
West's lyrics right now no item rooms ok
is going to say something doesn't seem
right about this run so no item rooms is
going to leave us behind the eight-ball
in a relatively big way I don't really
want to go buy a bomb to blow up a
spirit
hard or blow up attempted rock and I
don't even know what I'd be hoping to
get at that point but I love High
Priestess here helping us out keeping us
on pace spirit hearts helping out if we
get a good deal with the devil as far as
I'm concerned we're off to the races uh
I mean we got a deal with the devil that
will probably be good later and I'm not
going to take headless baby it's just
not good enough if we're going to be
getting deals with the devil like crazy
from this point onwards so hopefully you
understand my methodology there yeah I
don't know today must be I don't know
it's Christian Louboutins birthday or
something like that somewhat a nickel is
big into shoes I mean there's nothing
wrong with the today's June 2nd
maybe it's Anna Wintour's birthday NL I
didn't know you knew so much about old
Kuchar it's true I do having grown up
spending a lot of time on the internet
you know I'm not saying I'm a person who
resonates with luxury brands in high
fashion whatsoever but you know I am
aware that Anna Wintour of course played
by Meryl Streep in The Devil Wears Prada
editor of Vogue for many years Christian
Louboutin 50 cent released a remixed
version of Cee Lo Green's fu where he
said see the red on the bottom of her
Christian Louboutins match my Ferrari
and that's why she's gone and I said to
myself who is this Christian Louboutin
and I googled it and probably rap genius
told the old Christian Louboutin is a
high-end shoe designer based probably
let's be honest probably France or Italy
that sounds more French Nets you know
you start to build this nexus of pop
culture references that you know double
back in on each other and reinforce
themselves in your mind do you think if
Anna Wintour was a big fan of Game of
Thrones and she was in the throes of
sensual climax she would say winter is
coming
good one good one so we have the Emperor
car what do you think about an emperor
card in this situation I think that it's
it's tempting oh you got to go chaos so
we get the money we got to go chaos
that's like the first rule load there's
a book series right rule of something
it's the first rule of that you see I'm
kind of going halfsies on the reference
there but that's okay
onl you're getting to family friendly
yeah well what about the joke about the
former editor of Vogue having a sexual
climax I don't think so buddy that's not
friendly to anybody least of all in a
wind tour no disrespect meant I really
know nothing about your career but
because of the fact that you have a
Wikipedia article I have to assume
you've achieved achieved some level of
notoriety Plus Meryl Streep ain't
playing me in no movies I'd have to
think about what would have to happen in
my life for Meryl Streep to ever play me
in a movie and I don't like it not
because of any like gender-bending or
anything like that but because of Meryl
Streep was playing me in a movie I
probably died before my time because I
nothing against Meryl Streep at all I
hope I out liver she's got like at least
40 years on me let's be honest so if I
could dude were poppin off on this run
if if I go down before her and she gets
to play me in a movie of my life then
something has gone wrong I mean I have
nothing against it's not a zero-sum game
I could die early and she could live
forever for all I care but if she's
playing me in a movie there's a there's
a bad situation that's happened there
somewhere but I guess I died in a
remarkable way or at least a wave
remarkable enough to have its own movie
hopefully hopefully it's not a comedy no
danger of that with your jokes NL good
good one maybe they'll make a movie a
movie about hey maybe one day I'll learn
how to talk hey maybe one day they'll
make a YouTube commenters movie it'll be
called please stop he's already dead um
let's keep moving on here we need to get
a well he's used to bombs to get in
there that's very true I want to get
chaos though I'm still trying to figure
out why the scores are so bad on today's
daily like does something happen because
as of right now it's probably you know
out average maybe slightly below average
we got blank card here a font which is
fine I recognized the most obvious
Avenue for this to go bad Li Li no for
this to go badly is badly was the
villain from rush hour for which was
scrapped it was Li but he went into the
Shadow Realm and is that we get stomped
on by moms toenail like frequently
frequently was the good guy for he was
like we can clone himself rush hour five
but it never really popped off is the
thing so we're not going to be able to
get chaos so we were sadly just going to
go here and maybe chaos would have done
it or maybe chaos is what's caused all
the problems to begin with you know
we'll never know we're two minutes ahead
of schedule are we've already checked
this and gotten everything out our
damage stat is good rate of fire is okay
speed is okay we need to amp those up as
possible but as of right now is this a
me being cocky I'm not saying like how
did these idiots get such bad scores
today rather I'm just saying when does
the other shoe drop here because I mean
at the present moment this daily looks
just fine mind you like to get a daily
in the in the forty thousands is like
far from bad might just be a high damage
penalty but the fact that the the some
not saying I'm going to be up there in
the forty thousands of just saying the
fact that there is a forty thousand
score in the top 30 right now indicates
to me that this run seems to be harder
than average to get a good score on and
I'm trying to figure out where that
comes from but that's okay hey do you
think when Anna windmill kick you get
the edge I'm not going to slandered poor
Anna Wintour I mean maybe I should
because I don't have anything else to
say apparently but you get the idea
okay just that guy's got to go first
it's good to go you're going next right
that's right we got to keep moving a
little bit because the foots going to
come down on occasion I stand by my
decision to get rid of High Priestess
the Melisandre card in order to pick up
all careful in order to pick up the
Hierophant here upon blank card is like
number one at the fast food
restaurant of my life that's a number
one combo if you got blank card if it's
blank card week you want the hero font
even if your HP is good because there's
really no reason not to use it
frequently you know you get more spirit
on sleep sometimes you will be able to
pick up sometimes you won't even if you
won't you have them there is like a as
stored value basically just chillin on
the ground we would consider like a yera
as well no doubt about it like here I
sort of why wouldn't we really
especially with another battery charge
available we're not going to need spirit
hearts for any deals with the devil in
the very near future that's for certain
now I would okay that was weird I
definitely would not replace blank card
hero font with IV bags so we're just
going to ignore that great timing on the
on the appearance of that item
almost want on the spikes there but it's
not necessarily like a horrible affront
to our lives that it came into our
existence here we got some ah you know
what maybe it's good I was going back
there to go to the boss trap room but
maybe it's better this way
we'll keep our pace high so we're not
like super freaked out as we try to make
it the boss rush like every time I make
it the boss rush I'm an early person a
said it many times try not to you know
crib this complete bit from Mike
Birbiglia from it's excellent comedy
special from earlier this winter however
I don't like I don't like being late and
everyday leave is lateness you know
everyday leave you're like 15 seconds
away from being late now if you're a
late person that's called being on time
if you're an early person you know you
arrived like 15 minutes after you
expected to which is why it's cumbersome
for me I think we want cards more than
we want hearts you know what we really
want is a bombs dude like they just do
not exist so I'm thinking maybe this is
where we start to slide into mediocrity
on this run we're fighting the tanky
boss that's going to start to you know
affect my psychology and I'm like we're
not doing enough damage we're not doing
enough damage
so then I'm like we got to go faster I
don't know how I'm going to do that but
if this deal with the devil is like bad
or Krampus then I'm going to feel like
I'm behind the 8-ball despite being 2
minutes ahead of it and now that we've
identified that harmful thought pattern
we can try to get out in front of it
just remember if we keep going at the
same pace we've been going we're going
to be good you know we're doing really
really well I mean that was really poor
but apart from that we're doing okay
that was way worse but we're doing fine
okay so we've got a horrible rate of
fire increase and then a Krampus fight
so it's actually even worse than
predicted we desperately need a tears
upgrade we did get us nice we did get a
speed upgrade and we could really use
lump of coal a tears downgrade without a
damage increases the worst man we got an
HP downgrade as well but like as far as
I'm concerned that basically does not
matter
okay lump of coal is exactly what we
needed here so let's just be content
with that we're about a minute ahead of
schedule still in spite of ourselves so
that's good but we basically have dour
DPS but we are going to make boss rush
and I feel confident saying that because
despite the fact that we're going to be
doing like very little damage we are
loving life because of the Excel floor
here should allow us to find the boss
fight more quickly be in a better
position that regard we just one shot
that guy thanks to having great range
and also love of coal so that actually
made me jump in my seat and not like
let's go like actually like let's go I
got hit I got scared you know my set a
pulmonary infarction got a bomb bomb
allows us to play the judgement again we
got so much time might as well go for it
I will say I wouldn't say it's a jump
daily there's some good stuff going on
here but an experimental treatment that
actually takes away
half of your dps is god-awful
it's just horrible okay so like this guy
needs to go and he's close once you get
one the remainder shouldn't be that bad
did to myself did it to myself is this
the room I'm going to go to the
subreddit and everybody on the subreddit
is going to be like this is the room
where I knew this daily was going to be
garbage once you get like two of them
taken out it's no problem whatsoever but
before you get two of them taken out
that's a carnival of sadness right there
gotta eight tanky enemies with a poor
rate of fire so pretty became crystal
clear pretty quickly why this run is not
very good and honestly this is one of
the worst ways for that to have happened
because now I'm looking at this and I'm
like it must not really ever get any
better because like tears wise or it may
be even damage wise because if it did we
we wouldn't be seeing those scores on
the leaderboards this is now like easily
the most plausible explanation for bad
leaderboard scores so we could teleport
I think it's actually idiotic I'm now
sceptical by the way that we're going to
be able to make boss rush if we find it
that's fine
but we need to we need to find a way to
kill mom I think this is me
acknowledging that things are going to
be a little rough here because how are
we going to kill mom in even like close
to a timely fashion I don't see the the
optics of the situation you know it
takes us 30 seconds to get through this
room we're going to be doing almost no
damage almost never and there's no item
rooms for us to get before the mom
fights so I mean sure bombs are they
have some importance but unless we can
get like mom to hurt herself or I don't
know like an amazing shop or something
like that so it turns out like blank
card Emperor might have been the better
choice although I don't know what our HP
would look like in that situation this
one is just becoming like kind of a
grind and that is unfortunate that one
experimental treatment could throw the
whole thing in the into question like
this but we still you know that's the
thing with dailies you never walk alone'
on a daily you know you always got other
people there working with you they want
you to succeed probably most of the time
or they want you to fail but they want
you to fail them is spectacular and
entertain
way which is honestly like still pretty
excellent so be okay with that as well
so really like as much as it would pain
me to give up blank card on a daily for
my sanity to pick up like a red or blue
candle might be exactly what the doctor
ordered I really wanted that to murder
these guys so let me I'm going to own up
to another mistake on this run that
didn't become apparent until now with
our DPS or at least our rate of fire
being so horrible it would have been
actually pretty nice to have a headless
baby as much as I hate to admit that
headless baby might have changed our
fortunes a little here I believe it just
I don't know that I've ever seen a run
go from like promising to pretty much
garbage this quickly I still even if we
make it into the mom fight no greed no
greed
okay Oh blue candle okay we have to we
have to we have to we have to always
forgiving now like sincerely always
forgiving okay we bought the Empress
instead of the hair pasta it doesn't
matter doesn't matter it is now
conceivable that we could beat mom in
time and we have some extra damage so
okay I mean actually I have to close sky
losses this is absurd the messages are
coming fast and furious now we have a
chance though I think a lot of people
and they might be right in this
situation a lot of people are going to
be stubborn they're going to say you
know and I know stubborn is better than
most a lot of people are going to say
blank card it's a 10 out of 10 on date
lease you got to go with it and they're
not wrong you almost always gotta go
with blank card I think this is one of
the almost though I also just realized
there's like no chance we make
ah Suresh cuz we got to fight two bosses
and can't find one boss for the life of
us who can't find one boss Joker I don't
know yeah sure okay Joker like
immediately and you're just hoping to
get like some damage ups real quick
we found the boss there is a chance just
yes that was the perfect way for you to
die there I appreciate it great deal
sister Vince is not the tanky his boss
in human existence it would help if we
didn't whiff so many of the shots but
he's sort of done it this is this is
laborious man okay we got got a chance
of big tears upgrade start throwing down
bombs lose your black cards do what you
got to do hit me
take my take my black cards we're going
to this and we've done it we've actually
made it we don't need to go to the boss
fight and we could just use the hero
font card now I think this rude
awakening happens to me pretty
frequently when you make boss rush
you're like sick
I made boss rush then you're like
alright now I actually have to kill all
the bosses on boss rush and admittedly
Abaddonn you know some market
improvement for this run it's not like a
ten out of ten though our damage is
eight which is probably a little bit
above average without making enemies of
everybody who thinks that eight damage
is like the greatest you could possibly
have by the time you get the boss rush
but it's like certainly not ten out of
ten levels I don't even know if it's
eight out of ten level is probably like
a six and a half we do also have to like
grind like crazy if we want to make the
hush fight here so blue candle is very
helpful and you know in a pre rebirth
after birth afterward plus world it was
actually like oh I've got blue candle I
win the game this is from the same era
where it was like you know oh I got the
nail I win the game I mean to be fair
those are still easy items to win with
the difference is we're not trying to
win we're trying to kill every single
boss in the game sequentially and then
followed by that you know make it to the
hush fight in a timely fashion and then
kill the hush as well without dying and
then
then we got the you know the rest of the
run that begins there there's going to
be like one of the lowest scores we've
had in a long time maybe ever getting
out of boss rush here damage penalty
seems pretty absurd normally we have
like 13,000 points by now we also like
we got no items I look starting to I'm
starting to find myself getting tilted
and it's up to us to pull out of the
tilt tailspin
admittedly however I really I want to
know like internally how they value item
rooms with Nicolas okay well why would
we give you item rooms today you get
blank our high priestess that's as good
as you know six item rooms is not as
good as six item rooms mom toenail most
of the time you don't even pick it up
because it's too unwieldy must be an
enemy that's gonna pop up other yep we
didn't get hit until then so I'm just
certified this is a bad daily this is a
quote unquote you know bad daily mostly
because of experimental treatment so if
you did this one and it's the ultimate
irony of course is dailies we did this
one and what that was so fast if you did
this one and you played conservatively
maybe you don't take experimental
treatment you find yourself actually
doing maybe decent damage your speeds
not going to get the speed up so you
know you no good deed goes unpunished
but but we should really not concern
ourselves so much with the the
overarching meta of like you know
today's daily what we should concern
ourselves with is our ability to win
today our ability to survive you know we
no real reason to be taking as much
damage as we have been taking except
frustration you know starts to creep in
there is a chance we could fight hah I'm
not going to worry about it too too much
and our score dude I don't even know
where a score is going to be sitting
here you should actually look for the
person with the eye score today because
they are an Isaac god
you know this is a daily where
statistically the attributes are not
working out in your favor we might have
like the mildest of mild legs up on the
competition just because we made boss
rush but even that is like I don't know
how much that's worth I feel like we
might be behind the eight-ball and
that's what I get for being skeptical
like at the start of this run like you
know look at all these amazing upgrades
of Gunners like decent upgrades you've
gotten over the start of this turns out
it was all it was Fool's Gold man Texas
tea thank you angel statue those
downright conscientious of you you still
a lot yeah
well uh I mean despite stats nothing to
write home about I think we could make
the hush fight it would be helpful to me
if we could you know get out of here
within maybe like the next ten seconds
go be a the most likely way of making
that dream come true barely got out of
the way of that one this could be our
final wave I mean I think we have not
been going through the waves as slowly
as we have on some other daily so at 26
minutes we're going to need to book it
dude the irony is it's actually a run
that's relatively well equipped to deal
with them now don't do that attack that
attacks the one that's the most I need
to kill you quickly is the problem so I
have to put myself at risk we have a
relatively good run from a hush flight
standpoint you know we got some
survivability at least rate of fire
maybe doesn't punish you as much for
being terrible in that situation if we
get down to like 28 minutes though
there's no chance okay so we have the D
0 or D 10
obviously not worth anything at all so
20 26 minutes two minutes per floor is
theoretical chance we traded we traded
speed for comfort basically by getting
rid of sorry to quote wedding crashers
but by getting rid of blank card
actually we traded comfort for speed
from being honest a getting rid of a
blank card especially with the hero font
we've now put ourselves in a situation
where we can go fast but it might be a
little dicey to get where we need to go
we probably need to predict where we're
going
correctly on like the first or second
crack I'm so mad I'm actually so mad I
mean it's my fault I forced myself into
kind of a bad
position they're still pretty cheesed
off about doc bump and I with a spider
there though it's like a one-in-ten roll
and I was in the worst position to get
dunked on um we're still still going
strong here relatively strong mental
fortitude starting to collapse but let's
you know you just got to reverse the
tilt let's right the ship you know a
tilt is not a capsize a cap sizes of
caps there's no way the boss rushes down
there so we got it there's no way the
boss fight is down there I mean so we
got to go this way and we know it's not
going to be to the right either unless
the rooms join up so if they do you know
Fair Play if they do some of those might
be incredibly useful we might as well
see if it joins up it does not so it's
like a 10-second room that I think was
worth it for peace of mind we didn't get
it there somehow so life is but a dream
just going to de gAHS us into having one
extra spirit hard right off the bat I'd
say we borderline need an emperor card
at this point if we're going to make the
hush fight whether or not we want to do
the hush fight is another thing that I
haven't really called into question at
this point but just like the quickest of
quick glances to try to find a attempted
Rock because small rock would be nice
spirit arts are you know the lifeblood
come on
those tinted rocks at this point though
like can we even wait for a bomb to
explode to grab a tinted rock if we want
to go to the hush fight I don't know
okay here we go we're going to invert
the tilt I'm going to say at this point
everybody watching as an impartial
observer is going hey dummy you're not
going to make the hush fight just slow
your roll stop taking damage reposition
yourself for a better chance of doing
well on the on the chest so we should
really take my own surrogate advice
there
it's highly implausible unless we get an
emperor card even if we get you know
brimstone bombs knife etc etc there's
just not enough time you know in the run
to pull it back we may want to consider
taking the white pony it is a speed
upgrade definitely do not want that blue
candle so useful though I think we have
to roll blue candle for now so obviously
I'm going to keep trying to get to the
hush fight because I'm like an idiot and
also it's a nice point bonus but I think
we're going to be looking at like the 30
thousands here as our final score as a
little like I don't want to say
embarrassing because you know we played
to the conditions we were dealt today
but it's a bad score I can completely
understand why the scores on the front
page where we're pretty garbage today
the garbage daily and I don't use that
term to say like hey you know hey you
watch this garbage daily Wow way to
waste your time why don't you do
something productive like nothing you
know that's
I hope you got entertained at least not
the videos over but hope you had good
found some entertainment value in
today's daily if even only through
chatting through it you know to have to
have watched a grown man
self-flagellating this video hopefully
brought you a little enjoyment in some
way but admittedly this is is not really
my idea of a fun daily The Lost dailies
give me a million of those before you
give me another one of these just a
Maggie pull the wool out from under you
that's not how that expression goes pull
the rug out from under you from under
your eyes okay rose-colored goggles Yves
saint-laurent glasses and we're not
going to explore everything because the
daily it hasn't met us halfway you know
there's always going to be people out
there they're like hey someone treated
you like garbage kill them with kindness
yeah I mean you should you know the best
revenge there's a saying that is hard to
stomach but it's true
the best revenge is living well because
living will take so long and putting
sugar in their gas tank would feel so
good temporarily but leave them may be
getting a felony or something like that
but either way it is it is true there's
always going to be people that are like
someone's mean to you you should be
super nice to them I'm not one of those
people necessarily at least not past a
point in today's daily maybe not super
mean to us but I don't really feel the
need to to meet it here you know it
hasn't given us the tools that we need
to really thrive so it's like leaving
well I'm giving my two weeks notice of
this daily right now and how's the
office been they've always paid me on
time it's been it's been okay you know I
can't basically it was a job it wasn't a
career it wasn't fulfilling but it it
paid the bills and I can't necessarily
complain but on the way out am I going
to you know give a personalized card to
everybody at the office no today's daily
if I'm being honest and you just hasn't
earned it you know if I was leaving
company where the people were like my
family that'd be something but that's
not what this daily is this daily is
just you know hey your summer contracts
over and we're not going to renew you so
back things and that's fine you know run
like that it helps you appreciate the
good ones out that much more and for all
the the bellyache you know I was even
belly aching butt Theory crafting Theory
aching if you will over whether or not
moms toenail was going to be the
deciding factor in this daily it was
like not that case at all it barely
impacted things
High Priestess could have kept us going
faster I don't know what our HP would
look like but it could have kept us
going faster if I'd known that dark bum
would show up like three floors later I
might have stuck with High Priestess
maybe we could have made the hush fight
but I don't know now if we'd made the
hush fight it would have been more the
same woulda just been me complaining on
the hush filing our damage isn't that
good blah blah blah so you know at least
I'm going to take it as a blessing that
maybe we missed the hush fight here so I
could free myself from this merciless
daily as quickly as possible there have
been worse ones like and honestly it's
been a lot better since picking up torn
photo now this is pretty minor
I got hit there it's pretty minor but if
you're going to use a moon card on one
of the last two floors you might as well
use it on the chests or the dark room
for that matter because if you get a
chest it's going to guarantee you an
item if we use it now sure we could get
an item and in the end like it's
possible this one has high this one is
Black Lotus in it and the next one has
you know like two pennies but if all
other things are equal which for our
knowledge they are the the best option
is to maximize your chances of getting
an item especially if we don't care
about our item penalty this is also a
daily I should point out you know a lot
of inside baseball talk here but there's
no I don't think it's a guarantee that
just because we won where we're going to
win on a bad daily that we're going to
have a good rank because I think this is
a daily that honestly seems very easy to
win on it just seems difficult to rank
well on so I don't know I would be I
would be expecting to probably be in the
top 500 maybe which is okay and you know
the further away I get from a perfect
run the worse the ranking predictions
get so take it with a grain of salt but
still also and take it like a man steady
and strong I don't know list of the
lyrics to this song but it
and love again until I can the eyeless
in the country music growing up you
can't I mean if you listen to country
music now I'm not trying to insult you
or anything but like mid-1990s the late
1990s that was like the music Garth
Brooks was the biggest artist in the
world
he still is ok you I mean Taylor Swift
exists but you know whatever you want to
go believe in that's okay there's
nothing wrong with I'm not even a Taylor
Swift fan you know I don't hold it
against her that to pimp a butterfly
lost to read at the Grammys or 1985 or
whatever the frickin album was caught in
a 19-point is it's just ridiculous but
at the same time like I don't hold it
against her it was calming she's like a
biggest artist on planet earth I know
like probably like eight Taylor Swift
songs and I've never willingly listened
to one of them that's how big of an
artist she is and for what its runs I
don't know if there's any Taylor Swift
backlash but if there is I'm not part of
it I think she seems like an an affable
young lady and she makes music that is
listenable I always wonder though it's
like I'm on Twitter all the time because
I'm a narcissist that's not really true
I'm like I'm like the opposite of a
narcissist which is exactly what a
narcissist would say but either way
there we go dude
either way you never know this like I
see people they like make a joke about
one direction and then there's all these
accounts like you know Harry Styles fan
101 I love Harry and they like have
80,000 followers in there like check out
this basic boy making fun of Harry
Styles and then there's just like a
hundred thousand Harry Styles avatar
accounts get up in their mentions and
I'm like I don't know where we are in
the world that's not a that's not unique
to our generation you know my mom had
pictures of freaking Davy Jones up in a
room I'm sure when she was growing up
and that's as much as I want to think
about that but I'm just saying you know
I'm unfamiliar with the scope of popular
media in this day and age
you're really going to construct your
whole identity around a celebrity from a
different country I'm not biting the
hand that feeds if you have like an
account that's like I'm my identity as
being a fan of northern line I'm very
flattered a little scared but also
flattered as well but he's not so much
more often than that you know you take
some time find yourself figure out what
like what you're what you're in it for
and then you know construct your
identity around that instead I don't
want to be in this room anymore by the
way so High Priestess not I priestess
blue baby's only friend I think for all
the the flack that it gets for being
kind of like boring because you don't
shoot you just set your cursor and
forget your cursor um it gets like what
I'm going to use because I believe it's
more consistent damage puberty's fine
here and if we're going to do that then
we really should take either how to jump
or giga fire because we're not going to
be using blue candle very much so
actually I am an idiot
great great damage there I'm an idiot
moron man
why wouldn't we use blue candle we can
use blue candle well this is hanging out
overtop of enemies and run into no
problems whatsoever now don't stop that
the worst thing is just when these guys
collide this is water it's like when
gods coli but Powerman 5000 references
aside that's how we got hit I mean
getting hit three times in this room is
just an embarrassment but
- we in both know your dusted so we got
for luck it's enough to expect some
chests down here loveless and if you
can't stay in the heat you know where to
get out of ya blue candle still oh Jesus
Christ
blue candle still the right choice here
I'm not convinced we're going to live on
this run I know I said that I thought we
would I'm not convinced of it anymore of
course we have dark bummed I'm not
saying we got like a 50% chance to die
I'm just saying I don't think we're at
90 please stay on the same plane the
astral plane or I'll go insane and I was
that a reference to Jonathan Richmond
yes it was yes it was most famous to
most people as the singer from this
Something About Mary his friends would
say stop line and they've had enough of
that his friends would say stop pining
there's other girls to look at they
tried to set him up with Tiffany and
indigo but there's something about Mary
that they don't know but he did stalk
her is kind of weird but you know of
funny movies look the nineties were a
different time simpler times
just like trying to stay out of trouble
here I know the boardgame advertising
said it's fun getting into trouble but I
disagree to a large extent I think
getting it in trouble is the worst part
sometimes breaking the rules can be fun
getting into trouble though that's you
know you don't want to get caught most
of the time I think please let me finish
this run early and I go still 200
minutes before roundtable can probably
fit in today's Isaac episodes in that
time Tyrone laughs add your desired
workflow
it's just it's just slow man just slow
now don't push it further away from him
that's just cruel and then he paid out
with the spider I'm running out of
commentary fuel game you gotta have
mercy on this one like come me some
flippin slack like I'm at the point I
don't care who I kill last year what why
would I guess we should kill gluttony
last because we've already lost
permanent polaroid invincibility but who
cares at all this is you've made me a
nihilist a Nicholas nihilist that's what
you've done you've converted me I'm your
disciple now thanks for the spirit heart
really appreciate it oh why not why
wouldn't you so actually to be fair soy
milk and love of coal are a nice
combination
and actually one rate of fire with 1.77
damage is not that bad
not quite you know right home to mom
levels but it's up there Plus by the
time you see it you already have lost
the chance to soar you lost a percentage
chance to see more special items in the
future which is why I'm like you you the
only thing you gain by skipping soy milk
is not having soy milk which is usually
enough to skip soy milk but in some
situations you know you might be
thinking all and getting a better chance
to get brimstone or something later and
not going to happen so mom's bottle of
pills we use we get pheromones who cares
we grab black rune black rune is giving
us a luck bonus I was going to say now
that we've gotten a luck bonus it's a
personal guarantee that we will have no
more rooms before the boss fight to give
us a chest
it's the stats that only mattered until
you know literally the time when we got
it improve but either way we're about to
end this run and I was wrong we are
going to win and we're going to win
relatively easily we're fighting against
an enemy who doesn't move for like the
first half of the fight here which makes
it a pretty good time to use blue candle
as well as soymilk we're not having to
concern ourselves with the knock back
effects that normally are annoying here
I'll go ahead and say like if you invent
a time machine you know do those
requisite stuff kill Hitler buy Apple
stock etc etc you know bed to make a lot
of money win the lottery or you know bet
on Super Bowl or something like that but
after you do that like 10th on your list
don't play this daily save yourself an
hour
maybe this daily starts the descent of
you into because it's that's what's bad
about this daily is that it's not so bad
that you know it justifies you being a
curmudgeon it's just bad enough that
you're like starting to get tilted by
mundane minutiae and you find yourself
just just coming bagley unpleasant for
the rest of the day as a result
you know paying thanks to the spirit
heart that's what's so insidious about
it
32,000 171st we actually ranked very
well by my standards at least thanks for
watching thanks for spending 50 minutes
with me here if you enjoyed the episode
click the like button l said a great
deal of course described be honest II
want to be triple for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time